Add missing `workflow` config scope (#5337)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/process.md

### errorStrategy

> The `errorStrategy` directive allows you to define how an error condition is managed by the process. By default when an error status is returned by the executed script (i.e. when it ends with a non-zero exit status), the process stops immediately. This in turn forces the entire pipeline to terminate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `errorStrategy` directive allows you to define how the process manages an error condition. By default, when an error status is returned by the executed script (i.e. when it ends with a non-zero exit status), the process stops immediately, forcing the entire pipeline to terminate.
```

}
```

> In this case, the workflow will complete successfully and return an exit status of 0. However, if you set `workflow.failOnIgnore = true` in your Nextflow configuration, the workflow will return non-zero exit status and report the failed tasks as an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the workflow will complete successfully and return an exit status of 0. However, if you set `workflow.failOnIgnore = true` in your Nextflow configuration, the workflow will return a non-zero exit status and report the failed tasks as an error.
```
